[Applause]
both the trick and treat every year
Jimmy invites parents to pretend they
ate all of their kids Halloween candy
and once again those evil parents
delivered in a huge and big leeway so
here it is the seventh annual hey Jimmy
Kimmel I told my kids ate all their
Halloween candy hashtag sad remember how
we went trick-or-treating last night
yeah guess what mommy and daddy got so
hungry we all of it Big Daddy
I need that nice night
[Music]
but I was so hungry
you have to lunch we need all your
Halloween candy
I'm really sorry sorry - sure but I eat
your candy all gone sorry pal not dog
it's all gone you know your candy last
night thank you trying that Jimmy
Kimball told me to do this to you I
don't know why he wanted me to thank you
[Music]
sorry
do you love clicking buttons and
subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy